Remove FTX support (#5937)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`5933` FTX and FTX US are no longer supported.

Reviewer: Will probably add this in a subsequent PR when I touch the changelog. Or you can do it too.

The way you wrote it, sounded as if we removed support unilaterally.

```suggestion
* :feature:`5933` FTX and FTX US support is removed since the exchanges no longer exist.
```
